As part of building a fluid user experience,
it's important that you avoid leaving your user hanging or waiting for feedback.
As a general rule, for any action the user takes in your app,
you should give some visible change or feedback within half a second.
If a task is taking a particularly long time,
it's a good idea to show the user that progress is being made.
As you can see here in the material design spec,
there are guidelines on how to show progress and activity to the user.
There are lots of great examples and ideas on this page.
So, be sure to check it out later.
I want to point out that there are linear progress indicators,
as well as circular progress indicators.
Indeterminate means you don't know how long the task will take.
So, it's a generic loading indicator.
Determinate means that you know exactly what percentage of the work is completed.
So it gradually completes the whole circle.
In our case, when the user opens our app,
they should see some immediate signal that we're working on getting their data,
such as a circular progress indicator.
Now, when the results arrive from the server,
we should hide the progress indicator and show the data in the list.
Or sometimes, there may be no results from the server,
so then we would hide the loading indicator and show our empty view.
Fortunately, Android contains a nice progress bar view.
One version of which is a spinning loading indicator.
Since we don't know how long the network request will take,
we'll use the indeterminate version of the indicator.
In this quiz, you're going to add a loading indicator
in the app when the network request is in progress.
So, the first thing you want to do is in the earthquake activity XML,
add a progress bar view as a sibling to the ListView in the empty state TextView,
which should be centered within the screen.
So, check the cheat sheet from the first course for example,
on how to declare a progress view in the XML layout.
Then in the earthquake activity java file.
I want you to hide the loading indicator by
sending the visibility to gone when the onLoadFinished is called.
Lastly, I want you to test both cases work by temporarily modifying the code.
So, see below for some hints.